fix: Add bevy_ratatui link to README (#3)
tui-rs-revival/.github: profile/README.md

- [Mousefood](https://github.com/ratatui/mousefood) for building embedded applications.
- [Ratzilla](https://github.com/ratatui/ratzilla) for building websites.
- [TachyonFX](https://github.com/ratatui/tachyonfx) for adding effects and animation.

> - [bevy_ratatui](https://github.com/ratatui/bevy_ratatui) for using ratatui in bevy applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bevy_ratatui](https://github.com/ratatui/bevy_ratatui) for integrating with Bevy applications.
```
